hello everyone and welcome to hockey us
calm today we're gonna talk about the
warrior macdaddy shaft stick actually
they do come in shafts also it comes in
three sizes it actually comes in the
senior which is a 75 85 100 flex comes
in a junior which is a 50 flex and it
comes in an intermediate which is a 60
and 70 flex this is a senior stick it's
a weight 100 flex it's a great stick
they actually call this color green I
find it to be more yellow but it's green
they do have a blue grip it's a nipple
grip well this one actually has a nipple
grip on it also and the blue one is a
grip so it's it's really cool it's a
nice stick works out great I actually
use one of these sticks the warrior
warrior actually came from a a lacrosse
warrior is very big in the cross and
they kind of moved over and came to ice
hockey and took over ice hockey I really
like this thick they it's 425 grams from
the manufacturer that's what they're
saying this weighs it's a high density
blade core ok and it's a really
well-balanced stick I used to use
Easton's and I started using the
warriors and I can't get away from it
now this thick has a 30-day warrantee on
it most of your one-piece sticks do have
a 30-day warrantee on it but the only
problem is where you bought the stick
you can't take it back you have to send
it back to the manufacturer they're
usually really good with it all sticks
break they have to break under a certain
amount of pressure when you go into the
boards because they don't want the stick
going through you they actually want the
stick to break but they will warranty it
if it's within 30 days now this sticks
comes in 9
different patterns they all match up to
the Easton's two powers there's just
different names on it but it's the same
curve you just got to kind of match up
what curve goes with what the the bad
part about this stick is if you have a
younger one you really can't get them a
warrior because it does not come in at
youth and you don't want to get him in a
junior stick when he should be in a
youth stick youth being like eight and
under now this is a great stick for the
price they're they're up there
the they're up there with the top-line
sticks but they're well maintained and
I'll be honest with ya I probably had
three of them within the last couple
years and I snapped one playing in a
game what actually tends to happen with
most most of these sticks is right in
here right in the bottom I'm sorry I'll
put it up a little bit higher for you
right in the heel it starts to break and
they get really bad and the blade is
flimsy or once in a while right in this
part right in here from the puck hit in
the shaft or the stick the blade itself
it starts to get weakened and you can't
direct your shot anymore because the
Flex isn't there in the blade but most
likely the heel is what breaks on 95% of
all one piece sticks that goes from
warrior at the power to CCM to all of
them but again I like the warrior I kind
of was turned over to the warrior once
they came out but if you have this dick
and you have a different review about it
or any review about it we would love for
you to come and write up a review and
what you think about the mack daddy one
piece stick and let us